So when we think about these three kinds
of data, it's important to think about
the signal and the noise as in what is the
value that you're getting from this data?
And then how noisy is it?
So lab data, is obviously very low signal.
It's a general idea of how well
your computer would perform or
how well your site performs in
the best possible circumstances.
There's no noise I mean, it's here's
the data, right what you think it is,
but the data is not as valuable
as it would be otherwise.
Synthetic data is a little bit more,
it's also measuring a real network.
How a server really happens.
And it's measuring it
continuously over time.
Every minute it's trying to do it again.
And so
it's much more valuable than live data.
There's a little bit more noise,
because their machine might not work quite
perfectly every time, it might go offline,
their network might go down or whatever.
Field data has considerably more signal,
because it is what real users
the real people that you care
about,that data can come back to you.
But as I said,
there's a lot of noise in it as well.
There's a lot of people
who will visit your site.
There's a lot of bots that
will visit your site,
that will send you data that does not
matter and that you don't care about and
that you wish wasn't in your data
that you have sieve through.
And so there's a trade off here between
how much noise you want to deal with,
how much confidence you
want you need in your data.
Now we can get some of this data.
Some of this data is published through
some means that you might be surprised by.
So we're gonna do another exercise here,
and this one should be faster.
There is a data source called
the chrome user experience report.
Now, unbeknownst to many of us,
Chrome has been capturing these real
user experience reports from you and
pulling it back to Google for
years, the browser itself has been
gathering it for all the websites and
pulling it back and
publishing this data publicly monthly.
You can see how well every site on the,
well, the top million sites
on the internet performed for the real
users that hit them according to Chrome.
Now, this data is sometimes kind of hard
to work with, there's a bunch of advanced
tools, but fortunately, there is
a website that has made this super easy.
So in this exercise,
we're going to page three,
or example three on our sheet.
And there is a link on the bottom
cruxcompare.netlif.app.
This is a site that exposes
that Chrome user data and
allows us to see what it actually is.
So what I want you to do is I
want you to to go into each
of these of those four websites and
enter the URLs in.
Which we can probably just just do
together here for the first one, but
I want you to have experience using this.
And it's going to produce from the last
month of data, which is what this
particular website is publishing, what the
scores are for all of the core metrics.
What I want you to do is I want you
to capture this number up here,
which is the piece, or
the 75th percentile number and
we'll talk about what that
means specifically in a minute.